README.md, before:

# password-generator

## Description

This project's assignment was to create a random password generator in order for an employee to access sensitive data. It was required to meet certain criterias so a strong password would be created for greater security. Some of the criteria included the password being between 8 and 128 characters and at least one of the following must be selected: lowercase letters, uppercase letters, numbers, or special characters. The user was pronmpted to provide how many characters they wanted for their password as well as being prompted to indicate whether or not they wanted to include lowercase, uppercase, special characters, or numbers. There were prompts in place to tell the user that they had chose not to include the selected character type in their password. There was also a prompt in place to tell the user if criteria was not being met. 

## Table of Contents (Optional)

If your README is long, add a table of contents to make it easy for users to find what they need.

- [Installation](#installation)
- [Usage](#usage)
- [Credits](#credits)
- [License](#license)

## Installation

What are the steps required to install your project? Provide a step-by-step description of how to get the development environment running.

## Usage

Provide instructions and examples for use. Include screenshots as needed.

To add a screenshot, create an `assets/images` folder in your repository and upload your screenshot to it. Then, using the relative filepath, add it to your README using the following syntax:

    ```md
    ![alt text](assets/images/screenshot.png)
    ```

## Credits

List your collaborators, if any, with links to their GitHub profiles.

If you used any third-party assets that require attribution, list the creators with links to their primary web presence in this section.

If you followed tutorials, include links to those here as well.

## License

The last section of a high-quality README file is the license. This lets other developers know what they can and cannot do with your project. If you need help choosing a license, refer to [https://choosealicense.com/](https://choosealicense.com/).

Commit message:

added installation and usage info for read.me

README.md, after:

# password-generator

## Description

This project's assignment was to create a random password generator in order for an employee to access sensitive data. It was required to meet certain criterias so a strong password would be created for greater security. Some of the criteria included the password being between 8 and 128 characters and at least one of the following must be selected: lowercase letters, uppercase letters, numbers, or special characters. The user was pronmpted to provide how many characters they wanted for their password as well as being prompted to indicate whether or not they wanted to include lowercase, uppercase, special characters, or numbers. There were prompts in place to tell the user that they had chose not to include the selected character type in their password. There was also a prompt in place to tell the user if criteria was not being met. 

## Table of Contents 

- [Installation](#installation)
- [Usage](#usage)
- [Credits](#credits)
- [License](#license)

## Installation

There are no installation steps required. The website to randomize your password can be located at https://bboughter.github.io/password-generator/.

## Usage

When on the above webpage, click the "generate password" button to start the creating process. A box will appear prompting you to enter the amount of characters you want in your password. The amount of characters must be between 8 and 128. There will next be a prompt asking you if you would like to include lowercase letters, uppercase letters, special characters, or numbers. If you click cancel on either of the character types, you will be prompted with a box that will tell you that character will not be included. At least one of the character types must be selected. If it does not meet this criteria, no password will be generated and you will be asked to try again. Once all prompts have been answered correctly, your new password will be randomly generate inside the dashed box. 

If you would like to see a demo of the generator, please visit https://watch.screencastify.com/v/xTHo5fTfCfNWQf2gf6B0.

## Credits

List your collaborators, if any, with links to their GitHub profiles.

If you used any third-party assets that require attribution, list the creators with links to their primary web presence in this section.

If you followed tutorials, include links to those here as well.

## License

The last section of a high-quality README file is the license. This lets other developers know what they can and cannot do with your project. If you need help choosing a license, refer to [https://choosealicense.com/](https://choosealicense.com/).
